# A Glimpse of My Digital Humanities Journey 
Individual Project Abstract:

Whistleblowers are people within an organization who expose top secret information or activity that they deem illegal or unethical. This study investigates the public sentiment surrounding the act of whistleblowing.  With secret organizations found across the world, the results of this study can apply ubiquitously to inform public officials about future support or backlash for a potential “whistleblow.” This project uses the python library “tweepy” to connect with the Twitter API to then obtain 10,000 tweets regarding whistleblowing. From there, the tweets go through text analysis to take the 50 most common words, which are then displayed using a dataframe, bar plot, and word cloud. The general trend in these 50 most common words came out almost always siding with the encouragement of whistleblowing. These results can not only bring encouragement to whistleblowing and make governments in general more transparent, but also argue for greater citizen involvement in governing with strong diction found siding with more citizen knowledge and state transparency.

Group Project Abstract:

The field of digital humanities has been plagued with the same white male developers since its inception in the 1940s. This research project investigates if it is important to finally diversify the stagnant nature behind this industry that uses the digital world to supply crucial humanities information to the public. To investigate importance, information was taken and analyzed from three leading researchers in the diversification of the humanities- Lisa Rhody, Kim Gallon, and Moya Bailey. After analysis, it was found that minority inclusion is, in fact, crucial to not only the digital humanities, but the future of information regarding the humanities as well. When different groups are ushered into the digital world they are able to use the revolutionary technology of the modern world to research, like never before, their unique perspectives on the world. Minorities can use their diverse outlooks on life, beyond the average white male, to investigate the full spectrum of the humanities and give the public a full picture of the field. 

